In the light of these 2 ahadith namaz after asr and fajr is makhrooh except for qaza namaz, and you can perform qaza of both farz and sunnat/nafil namaz
(namaz when sun hasnt risen from horizon or fallen from horizen also during noon is not allowed)
-----------------------------------------
Sahih Bukhari Hadith No. 581
Chapter 9	The Book Of The Times Of As-Salat (The Prayers) And Its Superiority
Book	Sahih Bukhari
Hadith No	581
Baab	Oqat E Namaz Ke Bayan Main
ENGLISH
ARABIC
URDU
Narrated `Umar: The Prophet forbade praying after the Fajr prayer till the sun rises and after the `Asr prayer till the sun sets. Narrated Ibn `Abbas: Some people told me the same narration (as above).

-----------------------------------------
Sahih Bukhari Hadith No. 1233
Chapter 23	The Book Of As-Sahw (Forgetting)
Book	Sahih Bukhari
Hadith No	1233
Baab	Sajda Sahu Ka Bayan

Narrated Kuraib: I was sent to Aisha by 
Ibn `Abbas, Al-Miswar bin Makhrama and 
`Abdur-Rahman bin Azhar . They told me to 
greet her on their behalf and to ask her 
about the offering of the two rak`at 
after the `Asr prayer and to say to her, 
We were informed that you offer those two 
rak`at and we were told that the Prophet 
had forbidden offering them. Ibn `Abbas 
said, I along with `Umar bin Al-Khattab 
used to beat the people whenever they 
offered them. I went to Aisha and told 
her that message. `Aisha said, Go and 
ask Um Salama about them. So I returned 
and informed them about her statement. 
They then told me to go to Um Salama with 
the same question with which t sent me to 
`Aisha. Um Salama replied, I heard the 
Prophet forbidding them. Later I saw him 
offering them immediately after he prayed 
the `Asr prayer. He then entered my house 
at a time when some of the Ansari women 
from the tribe of Bani Haram were sitting 
with me, so I sent my slave girl to him 
having said to her, 'Stand beside him and 
tell him that Um Salama says to you, O 
Allah's Apostle! I have heard you 
forbidding the offering of these (two 
rak`at after the `Asr prayer) but I have 
seen you offering them. If he waves his 
hand then wait for him.' The slave girl 
did that. The Prophet beckoned her with 
his hand and she waited for him. When he 
had finished the prayer he said, O 
daughter of Bani Umaiya! You have asked 
me about the two rak`at after the `Asr 
prayer. The people of the tribe of 
`Abdul-Qais came to me and made me busy 
and I could not offer the two rak`at 
after the Zuhr prayer. These (two rak`at 
that I have just prayed) are for those 
(missed) ones.