Sunan Abu Dawood Hadith No. 4753
Chapter 42 Model Behavior 
Of The Prophet (Kitab Al-Sunnah)
Book	Sunan Abu Dawood
Hadith No	4753
Baab	

Narrated Al-Bara ibn Azib: We went out with 
the Messenger of Allah صلی ‌اللہ ‌علیہ ‌وسلم 
accompanying the bier of a man of the 
Ansar. When we reached his grave, it was 
not yet dug. So the Messenger of Allah 
صلی ‌اللہ ‌علیہ ‌وسلم sat down and we also sat 
down around him as if birds were over our 
heads. He had in his hand a stick with 
which he was scratching the ground. He 
then raised his head and said: Seek 
refuge with Allah from the punishment 
in the grave. He said it twice or thrice. 
The version of Jabir adds here: He hears 
the beat of their sandals when they go 
back, and at that moment he is asked: O 
so and so! Who is your Lord, what is your 
religion, and who is your Prophet? Hannad's 
version says: Two angels will come to him, 
make him sit up and ask him: Who is your 
Lord? He will reply: My Lord is Allah. They 
will ask him: What is your religion? He will 
reply: My religion is Islam. They will ask 
him: What is your opinion about the man who 
was sent on a mission among you? He will 
reply: He is the Messenger of Allah صلی ‌اللہ ‌علیہ ‌وسلم
. They will ask: Who made you aware of 
this? He will reply: I read Allah's Book, 
believed in it, and considered it true; 
which is verified by Allah's words: Allah's 
Book, believed in it, and considered it 
true, which is verified by Allah's words: 
Allah establishes those who believe with 
the word that stands firm in this world and 
the next. The agreed version reads: Then a 
crier will call from Heaven: My servant has 
spoken the truth, so spread a bed for him 
from Paradise, clothe him from Paradise, 
and open a door for him into Paradise. So 
some of its air and perfume will come to 
him, and a space will be made for him as 
far as the eye can see. He also mentioned 
the death of the infidel, saying: His 
spirit will be restored to his body, two 
angels will come to him, make him sit up 
and ask him: Who is your Lord? He will 
reply: Alas, alas! I do not know. They 
will ask him: What is your religion? He 
will reply: Alas, alas! I do not know. 
They will ask: Who was the man who was 
sent on a mission among you? He will 
reply: Alas, alas! I do not know. Then a 
crier will call from Heaven: He has lied, 
so spread a bed for him from Hell, clothe 
him from Hell, and open for him a door 
into Hell. Then some of its heat and 
pestilential wind will come to him, and 
his grave will be compressed, so that his 
ribs will be crushed together. Jabir's 
version adds: One who is blind and dumb 
will then be placed in charge of him, 
having a sledge-hammer such that if a 
mountain were struck with it, it would 
become dust. He will give him a blow with 
it which will be heard by everything 
between the east and the west except by 
men and jinn, and he will become dust. 
Then his spirit will be restored to him.

-------------------------------------------
Narrated Anas bin Malik:

Allah's Messenger (ﷺ) said, "When 
(Allah's) slave is put in his grave and 
his companions return and he even hears 
their footsteps, two angels come to him 
and make him sit and ask, 'What did you 
use to say about this man(i.e. Muhammad)?'
The faithful Believer will say, 'I 
testify that he is Allah's slave and His 
Apostle.' Then they will say to him, 
'Look at your place in the Hell Fire; 
Allah has given you a place in Paradise 
instead of it.' So he will see both his 
places." (Qatada said, "We were informed 
that his grave would be made spacious." 
Then Qatada went back to the narration 
of Anas who said;) Whereas a hypocrite 
or a non-believer will be asked, "What 
did you use to say about this man." He 
will reply, "I do not know; but I used 
to say what the people used to say." So 
they will say to him, "Neither did you 
know nor did you take the guidance." 
Then he will be hit with iron hammers 
once, that he will send such a cry as 
everything near to him will hear, 
except Jinns and human beings. 

Reference: Sahih al-Bukhari 1374
In-book reference: Book 23, Hadith 127
USC-MSA web (English) reference: 
Vol. 2, Book 23, Hadith 456
(deprecated numbering scheme)