Sahih Muslim Hadith No. 1560
Chapter 5	The Book Of Mosques And Places Of Prayer
Book	Sahih Muslim
Hadith No	1560
Baab	Masjid Aur Namaz Ki Jagahain

Abu Huraira reported that when the 
Messenger of Allah ( ‌صلی ‌اللہ ‌علیہ ‌وسلم ‌ ) 
returned from the expedition to Khaibar, 
he travelled one night, and stopped for 
rest when he became sleepy. He told Bilal 
to remain on guard during the night and 
he (Bilal) prayed as much as he could, 
while the Messenger of Allah ( ‌صلی
 ‌اللہ ‌علیہ ‌وسلم ‌ ) and his Companions slept. 
When the time for dawn approached Bilal 
leaned against his camel facing the 
direction from which the dawn would 
appear but he was overcome by sleep 
while he was leaning against his camel, 
and neither the Messenger of Allah 
( ‌صلی ‌اللہ ‌علیہ ‌وسلم ‌ ) nor Bilal, nor anyone 
else among his Companions got up, till 
the sun shone on them. Allah's Messenger 
( ‌صلی ‌اللہ ‌علیہ ‌وسلم ‌ ) was the first of them 
to awake and, being startled, he called 
to Bilal who said: Messenger of Allah I 
may my father and mother be offered as 
ransom for thee, the same thing 
overpowered me which overpowered you. 
He (the Holy Prophet, then) said: Lead 
the beasts on: so they led their camels 
to some distance. The Messenger of Allah 
( ‌صلی ‌اللہ ‌علیہ ‌وسلم ‌ ) then performed ablution 
and gave orders to Bilal who pronounced 
the Iqama and then led them in the 
morning prayer. When he finished the 
prayer he said: When anyone forgets the 
prayer, he should observe it when he 
remembers it, for Allah has said: And 
observe the prayer for remembrance of Me 
(Qur'an. xx. 14). Yunus said: Ibn Shilab 
used to recite it like this: (And observe 
the prayer) for remembrance.

------------------------------------------
Sahih Bukhari Hadith No. 597
Chapter 9	The Book Of The Times Of As-Salat (The Prayers) And Its Superiority
Book	Sahih Bukhari
Hadith No	597
Baab	Oqat E Namaz Ke Bayan Main

Narrated Anas: The Prophet said, If anyone 
forgets a prayer he should pray that 
prayer when he remembers it. There is no 
expiation except to pray the same. Then 
he recited: Establish prayer for My (i.e. 
Allah's) remembrance. (20.14).