Sahih Muslim Hadith No. 1094

Rabi'a b. Ka'b said: I was with Allah's Messenger ( ‌صلی ‌اللہ ‌علیہ ‌وسلم ‌ ) one night. and I brought him water and what he required. He said to me: Ask (anything you like). I said: I ask your company in Paradise. He (the Holy Prophet) said: Or anything else besides it. I said: That is all (what I require). He said: Then help me to achieve this for you by devoting yourself often to prostration.

  حضرت ربیعہ بن کعب ( بن مالک ) اسلمی ‌رضی ‌اللہ ‌عنہ ‌ ‌ نے کہا : میں ( خدمت کے لیے ) رسول اللہﷺ کے ساتھ ( صفہ میں آپ کے قریب ) رات گزارا کرتا تھا ، ( جب آپ تہجد کے لیے اٹھتے تو ) میں وضو کا پانی اور دوسری ضروریات لے کر آپ کی خدمت میں حاضر ہوتا ۔ ( ایک مرتبہ ) آپ نے مجھے فرمایا : ’’ ( کچھ ) مانگو ۔ ‘ ‘ تو میں نے عرض کی : میں آپ سے یہ چاہتا ہوں کہ جنت میں بھی آپ کی رفاقت نصیب ہو ۔ آپ نے فرمایا : ’’یا اس کے سوا کچھ اور؟ ‘ ‘ میں نے عرض کی : بس یہی ۔ تو آپ نے فرمایا : ’’تم اپنے معاملے میں سجدوں کی کثرت سے میری مدد کرو ۔ ‘ ‘


------------------------------
Sahih Bukhari Hadith No. 6502
Chapter 82	The Book Of Ar-Riqaq (Softening Of The Hearts)
Book	Sahih Bukhari
Hadith No	6502
Baab	Dil Ko Narm Kerne Wali Baaton Ke Bayan Main
ENGLISH
ARABIC
URDU
Narrated Abu Huraira: Allah's Apostle said, Allah said, 'I will declare war against him who shows hostility to a pious worshipper of Mine. And the most beloved things with which My slave comes nearer to Me, is what I have enjoined upon him; and My slave keeps on coming closer to Me through performing Nawafil (praying or doing extra deeds besides what is obligatory) till I love him, so I become his sense of hearing with which he hears, and his sense of sight with which he sees, and his hand with which he grips, and his leg with which he walks; and if he asks Me, I will give him, and if he asks My protection (Refuge), I will protect him; (i.e. give him My Refuge) and I do not hesitate to do anything as I hesitate to take the soul of the believer, for he hates death, and I hate to disappoint him.